Theme Tune: [Music]
Al: Hello farmers, and welcome to another episode of the harvest season! My name is Al!
Codey: And my name is Cody.
Al: And we're here today to talk about cottagecore games!
Al: Hello!
Codey: Oh, whoo, oh, oh, hello, hello.
Al: Welcome Cody, hello, hello!
Codey: I'm doing good, I am still in the writing phase, I'm so I'm like kind of constantly a little
Codey: like frantic, but um, such is life, but I'll talk more about that in the "What are we
Al: Good save. Good save. Good save. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I mean, all of the above, right?
Codey: up to?"
Codey: part of the thing.
Codey: What about you?
Codey: Just, uh, overall, good, bad ugly, what?
Codey: No, no. No.
Al: Yeah, we're going to talk about news this week. There's some news to talk about. So we're
Al: going to talk about the news. Um, and uh this.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: This is the last episode before Pokémon Day, which is big. Are you excited about
Codey: Ooh.
Codey: So should we.
Al: Pokemon day? Or do you not care? You don't care right? Fair enough.
Codey: No, I'm pretty much out of that whole thing.
Codey: Though there was some news that I don't think we talked about.
Codey: Do we want to talk about that in the beginning of this part briefly or.
Al: I mean, if you want to, I was puttin' in
Al: 'cause I thought Kevin might be excited to talk about it.
Al: [laughs]
Codey: We could definitely.
Al: I presume you're talking about FireRed and LeafGreen, right?
Al: Yeah, I don't know.
Al: I mean, it's fine.
Al: I think it's fine.
Al: Probably, I mean, me and Kevin will do a Pokemon Day reaction
Codey: Right. Right.
Al: and we'll talk about that as part of it, I'm sure.
Al: It's funny that I'm dropping something like that.
Al: So soon, but also before Pokemon Day is funny to me.
Codey: It is funny because I think there was a prediction made that there would be no retro stuff
Al: Yeah, yeah, look, look, look, we all say things, I mean, we all know that nonsense is going
Codey: on Pokemon 30. And technically, it wasn't on Pokemon 30. So you were right.
Al: to happen. I don't know, the whole year's Pokemon 30, right? I'm saying I don't really
Codey: Yeah, you're right.
Codey: So you're saying that you were wrong.
Al: care. I've been wrong so many times is changing.
Codey: That's so fair.
Codey: Yeah, I feel like, I feel like just,
Al: You've just been feeling of wrong. Who cares a bit wrong? Everyone's wrong.
Codey: yeah.
Codey: Yeah, I feel like my apathy of Pokemon
Codey: has occurred mostly because of my PhD,
Codey: like I just didn't have time to do anything.
Codey: And so I was out of it for a while
Codey: and then to just see
Codey: see it like not change that much in the like five years that I was kind of stepped back from it was just very like oh not much changes from thing to thing and also like these other games are having these huge innovations in graphics and designs and stuff like that.
Al: Mm. Mm. Mm.
Al: Yeah, I do think part of that is due to releasing every year, right?
Al: Like, I think their thought process is we do smaller changes every year than eventually
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: they add up, which is like totally fair, but I mean, obviously, completely nothing to do
Al: with the, we make lots of money when we release a game every year, but I do think there
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: is a thing like that.
Al: And I think that most people probably don't buy and play every Pokemon game, and that's
Al: probably a sensible way to be.
Al: I mean, just like in general, people aren't weird like me and buying everything and that's sensible, I think.
Codey: You know what, Al? Does it make you happy? That's all that matters, then. So, I, that's
Al: Most of the time.
Codey: fine. I have been thinking one recently, like, what would get me back into having Pokemon
Codey: more regularly. I still play Pokemon Go, but just not nearly as much as I did. And I really
Codey: am not sure what would happen. I mean, depending on PCOPIA's price and where I'm at
Codey: and life and blah, blah, blah, I might partake.
Codey: But I, you know, just got some freedom and I'm trying to catch up with like,
Codey: cult of the lamb and stuff. So the, I don't know,
Al: Yeah, it's $70. There's no way you'll. Yeah, yeah, that's fair. It does when most
Codey: nope, that is not happening, just kidding. I can say that for sure.
Codey: I can confidently make that statement at this moment.
Al: cottage court and cozy games are indie games, and therefore like at most $30 more, probably
Al: often, like $15 to $20. Having Pokemon come in and be like, here's our version, it's
Al: $70. And you're like, oh boy, I could buy like three to four games for that.
Codey: Yeah, I could do something else.
Codey: But I am excited, like I like still hearing about it,
Codey: like y'all talking about it and stuff
Codey: and the joy that it brings you guys for sure.
Al: Oh, I'm sure we'll have lots to talk about whether it's good or bad. We'll have lots to talk about. That's that's the beauty of Pokemon
Codey: But...
Codey: [laughing]
Al: There's always something to talk about and it's sometimes it's fun and it's sometimes it's all my word. What was that?
Codey: I am all also always here for any bug Pokemon that come out.
Al: So
Codey: Super excited about that.
Al: Fair enough
Codey: So.
Al: Well, we'll see what happens
Al: Not long two days after this episode comes out and it will already have happened
Codey: Mhm.
Codey: Whoa, oh, Pokemon day.
Codey: Yes.
Al: Gotta get I've got to make sure that I've got enough work done at the beginning of the week
Al: So that I then have nothing to do on Friday afternoon because this is the problem whenever there's a Pokemon thing that drops
Al: It drops at 2 p.m. My time and and that's it my days my days done. I can't do any more work after that
Codey: Mm-hmm
Al: Because you're like constantly like oh, I must like hyper focus on this weird thing that they've given us
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: What does this mean and what does that mean? So all right?
Codey: Yeah.
Al: So yep, this is not a Pokemon podcast. Thank goodness
Al: wouldn't want to be one of those. We are instead going to talk about
Codey: Nope.
Al: card just core news. But first of all, Cody, what have you been up to?
Codey: Uhh, umm, I have been mostly playing Slay the Spire.
Codey: Umm, so the both the video game aspect, but also we have the box, uhh, like the board game
Codey: version and we've run through it once with our friend group, umm, and we finished
Codey: the third act.
Codey: So we're fully through that once and that unlocked a lot of characters for us.
Codey: So yesterday we went through and did act one again, barely scraped by those.
Codey: That was interesting.
Codey: But Slay the Spire 2 was coming out soon, which is nuts.
Codey: It like, I think it's kind of a shadow drop.
Codey: Umm, I mean, it's the early access that's coming out, so, you know, but we are
Al: Who knows?
Codey: pretty excited about that as well.
Codey: Umm, it seems like they're adding like new monsters and possibly new characters that
Codey: you can play, and then there's also co-op going to happen.
Codey: We don't know the nature of the co-op if it's going to be like couch co-op or online
Codey: or whatever kind, but that would be really fun.
Codey: Umm, I'm really trying...
Al: it's a it's a it's a deck builder isn't I wrote like deck deck
Codey: Yes, yeah.
Codey: You are building, you start with basic cards and then you build a deck and then each time
Codey: you, for a hot minute, you like unlock new cards and new relics that you can have.
Al: Mm-hmm. Yeah.
Codey: And then, umm, when you beat it on like the basic level, then you can get like the ascension
Codey: one.
Codey: And then when you beat ascension one, it's ascension two, and like it just kind of keeps
Al: Oh, come down.
Codey: getting more and more difficult.
Al: Hi, our numbers.
Codey: And it number gober, umm, and Jeff plays kind of a face tanky character and I play the
Al: [laughing]
Codey: sneaky dagger poison character and
Codey: I am currently on a higher ascension than him so you know not saying I'm better but I'm better. That is the extent of our drama.
Al: Woo!
Codey: I'm mostly just working doing my stuff like applying for jobs and getting some
Codey: obligate like being offered more obligations that I'm really excited about but then also like I need to
Codey: less not more. Yeah, just really uncertain about what is going to be happening in six months. So stay tuned.
Al: Exciting.
Codey: Yeah, though both career wise and got been political is the world going to be a thing. What?
Al: That's less exciting. More, more, more of the scary than the exciting.
Codey: Yes, that is the state of the world. Um, Al, what have you been up to?
Al: I have been, oh, sorry, I just plugged my phone into charge and I have my, my headphone
Al: glasses turned on, apparently, and the charging audio came through them, and it was very
Al: loud.
Al: Yeah, their glasses with little, little headphones that are little speakers at the point
Codey: headway, headphone glasses, what are they like?
Al: of your ears.
Al: Have you not been, have you not been seeing this in this lack, this conversation?
Al: No, this lack
Codey: No, the other place. Um, no, because I struggle with being on social media,
Al: well, the discord.
Codey: especially when it's has as many channels and as much. Um, yeah, so, so say, say more
Al: fair fair. Oh goodness. All right. Cool. So here we go. We're talking about my glasses.
Codey: other people who are listening might not be in the place.
Al: So I have had issues with any of your headphones for a while in that they've kind of been
Codey: - Mm-hmm.
Al: irritating the skin on my ears. So and I don't want over the ear ones because I feel like
Al: boxed in. I feel like I'm not aware of my surroundings and I really don't like that.
Codey: - Mm-hmm.
Al: Like, what I used to do is just have one
Al: in here on and not the other one. You can't really do that with over the ear ones. I'm doing it just now as we record because I really need the over ear ones for for podcasting because otherwise there's, you know, delay if I'm using Bluetooth or whatever.
Al: But I have one one year open and it, it, it irritates me after a while. So I have to, I have to keep switching it through the podcast regarding, um, it's not, it's not great.
Codey: It's also, yeah, it's not comfortable, like at all.
Al: So, I was investigating other ways to be able to listen to part of it.
Al: So, I found these open ear earphones they're called by Bose and they like clip on to your ear and they have a little speaker that points at your ear and then so you're hearing it but it's not like in your ear.
Al: And those worked well and they were really nice audio quality but the problem is they also edited my ear just a different part.
Codey: [laughs]
Al: So I went for a while of like trying the switching between the two and that kind of work
Al: to just meant that my whole year was irritated and also that I just kept having to switch things and it was just a bit annoying.
Al: Then I realized there's something that I weighed on my head all the time and that's my glasses and they don't irritate my ears.
Codey: Mm-hmm
Al: So I found that you can get well first of all I tried bone conduction and decided that that was not for me because I can feel the vibrations and I hate it so much.
Codey: Yep, yep, that's where I'm at.
Al: so much. It drove me insane. So I was investigating things like
Al: the meta-ray bands and they, although are very good audio quality, I did not want to be wearing cameras all the time and make people think that I'm filming them. That's creepy, right? So, well, yes, also that, also that.
Codey: - Yep.
Codey: Also, supporting meta, that's also creepy.
Al: So, I bought a pair of £20 Bluetooth glasses and sent them off to a company to get my prescription lenses put in them.
Codey: [laughs]
Al: and they are working really well. They, I just, they have, they sit on my head, they're on all the time, but they use only you really use battery when they're, they're, I mean, they are obviously using battery, but they don't use a lot of battery when you're not listening to something. So I can basically have it on all day and then just charge it overnight and then it's, it's good to go the next day.
Codey: Right.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Codey: Yeah, presumably you're not wearing your glasses at night.
Al: Correct, because I'm sleeping. So that was quite good. And the only problem with them, other than the fact that they very clearly.
Codey: During the eat time, yeah.
Al: They look like smart glasses. They are chunky, chunky boys. They are very thick glasses. The only real problem is about that the audio quality is terrible. It's, it's super tinny. So I found that Xiaomi have released a new set of audio glasses, which are apparently the, almost as good of if not as good as the meta glasses, but they don't have cameras on them. They are just speakers.
Codey: [Laughter]
Al: They have purchased them and they have made their way to me and I have no sent them off to get my prescription lenses put in. I'm also, I'm trying the transition lenses because I, I, I use some glasses a lot in the summer because I have the bright blue eyes and there's, they do not like the sun.
Al: So it's just a good healthy thing to be waiting UV protection and when the sun is out. So I'm trying out the transition lenses to see what that's like because I didn't really want to buy two sets.
Al: of 200 pound glasses, one for inside and one for outside. And if I wasn't, if I was going to switch to sunglasses when I was outside, that kind of defeats the whole purpose, right.
Al: Because otherwise I'm just using it when I'm sitting in front of my computer. So I am waiting on them having their lenses put in and then return to me, but their audio quality is excellent. I put them on to try them before I sent them off just to see how the audio quality was because obviously if it was bad quality, then I was just going to send them back.
Al: I wasn't spending so much money for
Al: but it was like as good as like the pixel buds that I use or like air pods stuff like that really good audio quality for such a small thing.
Codey: Mm-hmm
Al: So my point is I'm waiting the cheaper ones just now because I'm waiting on the more expensive ones coming back but yeah there so they're connected to my phone permanently which means that notification noises come through them as well which.
Al: which the problem is.
Al: when my over the ear headphones are over the glasses, it makes them louder because there's the
Al: echoing within the cup. So I just, I put my phone down to charge and it got very loud in my right
Codey: Oh, yeah.
Al: ear, all of a sudden.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: I have similar issues.
Codey: So the other issue with like over the ear headphones is I have my ears pierced pretty extensively.
Codey: And so over the ear headphones, even though I prefer them, like they have to encapsulate
Codey: my entire ear or else something is on comfy, big cups.
Al: Yeah, gotta get big cut.
Codey: And then in ear sometimes is okay.
Codey: I just don't like how it feels.
Codey: And then also I, one of my piercings is like right on my, I'm going to say this wrong.
Codey: I think it's the Tragus, but I keep getting told that's wrong.
Codey: But that part that I'm sure people know what I'm talking about.
Codey: And so sometimes like when I'm wearing in ear headphones, they're like that piercing,
Codey: just kind of was like no.
Codey: I don't want that, but that's really cool.
Codey: I hadn't I, I'm kind of turned like away from new technological advances.
Codey: So that's really cool to hear that that's a thing that's happening.
Al: Yeah. Was I, I wasn't talking about it. I was going to. I had, I mean, it's going to be mostly
Codey: Okay, so you were talking about what you're up to.
Codey: Yeah, you were about to and then, yeah.
Al: the same as last week, just slightly more. I've been continuing with the Pokemon certain shield
Codey: Okay.
Al: decks trying to get that done with home. I don't think I'm getting done by Pokemon day because
Al: oh, bye. I am not having fun. It's just a slog and certain shield seemed, they were, they were really
Al: fun to play through. And I really like those games just in general. I spent, I put, I put hundreds
Al: of hours into those games. But see trying to complete a decks from scratch when you've played
Al: through the game. It's like trying to figure out where Pokemon are is so hard because it's like,
Al: everything is related to weather and time. And it's like everything is a catchable in the wild areas,
Al: But trying to figure out when it is.
Al: And what weather it is is just madness.
Al: So it's like I spent an hour most nights this week and I'm still sitting at like 320 Pokémon to go.
Al: It's just so long.
Al: It's really frustrating in particular because I did have a living deck for this game.
Al: I just don't know what happened to it.
Al: So maybe that got lost and in my the great switching and breaking.
Codey: I was wondering I was I was gonna say that but I didn't want to like bring up memories
Al: I don't know because I never I don't know whether I ever had like a second save that I would have put them on because.
Al: I only really had one certain shield save and that was the one thing that I didn't lose in that my storage shape.
Al: With 900 hours logged in it.
Al: So I don't know how I lost all those Pokémon when I would have.
Al: thought they would have been on there but maybe I did create a shield save and copy everything over and then lose it maybe.
Al: But we'll see I mean the the other problem is that it's it's mostly all the older Pokémon in those games that I'm catching right because obviously I already had logged all the.
Al: the gen eight is our gen eight Pokémon because I'd obviously put them in my my full living decks. So they were already done. It's just all the like.
Al: I've got to go catch a route on a curly and a guard for an a glade and and then you got to get cash to be and a cocoon and I can even is it we we do all the goes into cocoon I don't know I can't remember I don't care about those stupid bugs.
Codey: yep it is a a a hey they're all interesting do you know do you shash do you know the origin of bugs in
Al: I like the more interesting bugs.
Al: Gen one bugs are boring.
Codey: the system like or calling computer bugs like computer code errors bugs okay what's this what's the
Al: I know the story that people tell. I don't know whether that's actually accurate or not.
Al: Well, the story is that there was a bug that was going in and creating short circuits in the
Al: actual computer because it was obviously so large that things could just fly in and short circuit
Al: between the transistors. I don't know whether that's actually the case or not and I don't know
Codey: Okay, it's, they do, it's, it's, it's, uh, so the actual
Al: I don't know whether anybody actually knows.
Codey: insect that is the, the origin of the story is available on
Codey: view and a museum. And basically this is from, I want to say like
Codey: the 70s or 80s, when computer systems used those cards. And
Codey: the IBM machines that were running using those cards were so
Codey: hot that they just had to like...
Codey: open the windows basically. I don't know if the heating, the AC system was was bunk that day,
Codey: or if they just had to open the door windows all the time. But basically they opened the windows,
Codey: and a moth flew in and of course went straight for the heat source because yay and got into the
Codey: computer system. And so, and was on one of the cards when it was trying to be run and died on that card.
Codey: So go back and find the bug, literally. And that was the origin of bugs in the system.
Al: Fair enough.
Codey: What else have you been up to?
Al: Well, I've also been playing Star Sound Island, continuing to do that, still enjoying
Al: it.
Al: Don't want to say too much, because I will talk about it more in detail.
Al: I will say it's very interesting being at the very start of an early access, because
Al: they are clearly reacting to people's initial expectations and changing things pretty
Al: much daily and being like oh this is an issue no longer an issue.
Al: So there's multiple things that so the issue I had last week where it was like the flashing on high resolutions that that got fixed on Monday like the day after we recorded.
Codey: Yeah
Codey: Nice
Al: And if I might have actually been before that it might have been like I woke up in the morning and it was already fixed because I think it might be I think it's a Chinese company that are making this.
Codey: So, were they listening to you through your, through your glasses?
Al: Very funny.
Al: It's a Xiaomi joke.
Codey: Oh, I forgot that it was, I just assumed that certain super,
Al: I wasn't a Xiaomi joke okay.
Codey: that certain superpowers just have access to every recording device.
Al: I already have I already have a mic in my phone it doesn't matter whether I have one in my glasses as well.
Codey: but it's the glasses out.
Al: Of course the mic in the glasses is worse than the mic in the phone.
Codey: Either way, we're very thankful that they fixed that boat.
Al: So I'm, yeah, I'm continuing to enjoy it a lot.
Al: It's certainly so far it feels like the way that I like early accesses to happen, which is make it pretty stable and, you know, if there's stuff that you miss out, it's like future story, but I've also not hit any dead ends yet.
Al: It all it feels very much like, you know, release candidate, everything is done. We're just kind of checking if there are any bugs sort of thing.
Al: And they're adding a bunch of quality of life improvements as well.
Al: I don't know whether I'll hit an obvious dead end or not. We'll see but it's it's interesting to see.
Al: Yeah, um, lots more to talk about. I'm sure on a future episode. Am I playing anything else?
Al: I mean, just my usual Pokemon go Pokemon TCG project stuff as well. Um, and we'll see what happens after Friday.
Al: Still got still got a week in a bit till pokopia comes out. So.
Codey: Yeah. Oh, woo. Yeah.
Al: All right.
Al: So we'll talk about some news. First up, we have collectors Cove haven't announced they're releasing on the 12th of March and I believe this is not an early access. This is a feel release.
Codey: This is the cute, you ride on the back of a dinosaur kind of looks like spirit fair mechanic of back of dinosaur has right it's a
Al: I don't care.
Codey: please use or I don't know if those are actually dinosaur someone's going to come at me someone's going to come at me.
Al: I really don't care.
Codey: Yeah, you're riding on the back of that and it's a cute little animation game that's that's what that is.
Al: Yeah, it's funny because it's like you are on a boat, which is on a dinosaur like I do
Codey: Yeah, it's like the back of the diet like it's like if it was a turtle with the back.
Al: Yeah, but it's not actually part of it's just it's just wearing the boat
Codey: Is it? Oh, it's like a saddle.
Al: Yeah, see if you look at the if you look at the cover art the dinosaur is not like it comes
Al: It's out of the boat in the cover art on steam
Codey: I thought that was a fin, that's definitely...
Al: You can see its tail in front of the boat
Al: No, and and all maybe it is, but I did just see in the trailer
Al: There's a bit where it's turned around talking to you on the boat and you can see the neck
Al: Follows the opposite direction of the boat. It's definitely not turning as a
Codey: Well, I thought that that was it wasn't on the boat in that scene. It was on something else, but it it it doesn't matter. It's cute
Al: It's definitely it's definitely wearing the boat. The boat is not part of the dinosaur
Codey: Saddle boat. It's very cute
Al: Yeah, it's just very funny that it's I guess maybe the the idea is that the boat can go on its own if it once and so the dinosaur can go off and have a rest or
Codey: the boat just doesn't have, doesn't have a way to propel. Yeah, they got to give them an
Al: Something I don't know work life balance
Al: Yeah
Codey: e-time.
Al: Exactly, which is important
Codey: Yeah.
Al: M-I-E!
Al: I mean, in a vacuum, I would play this, but the problem is that I'm not going to have any time over the next two months to play it.
Codey: Yeah. Yeah.
Al: Right? And then by then, it's probably too late, as is always the problem with games, because there's always more stuff coming.
Al: I do like the look of it.
Al: It looks like you've got like the rooms underneath in the boat that you can use to decorate as well.
Al: You know, it could be fun because you're, you know, moving around.
Al: Like, I always, I like that thing about Spirit Fader, where you're exploding the world and taking your farm with you is fun, because it means that you can always just go back and sleep.
Al: You don't have to, you know, find where you are.
Al: And you can just, you're always there.
Al: The worst is you have to just like get to the edge of the island and jump back on.
Codey: Yep, just bring your home with you
Codey: Very cute. I think one thing that's important to me is can you modify the color of your dinosaur?
Al: I think we do see multiple different colors of dinosaurs, so I'm guessing so
Codey: Okay, okay, cool
Al: Like we're seeing pink and I'm pretty sure I saw purple at one point. Yeah, there's a purple one
Codey: Okay, so I don't I don't want to pink one
Al: I'm seeing a bit in about
Al: That's fair
Al: I'm looking I'm watching the video for the customization and seeing if that gives you the customization for your dinosaur
Al: But I'm not seeing it because it's possible the purple dinosaur is a different one and not your one and maybe it is always pink
Codey: Oh, yeah, we will find out.
Al: Possibly.
Al: We will maybe.
Codey: Someone will play it.
Al: Yes, but will it be someone that we pay attention to who knows.
Codey: No, we'll just find it on Twitch or something.
Al: Next, we have ever home have released their 2.0 update.
Al: You had to look at stuff on how the
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Codey: Yeah. Yeah. So, ever home, the 2.0 update is out now.
Codey: They did, they had a lot of different things that they changed.
Codey: I really like that they took community feedback, kind of like how you were talking about
Codey: stars and island doing that. It seems like ever home took a lot of the community feedback
Codey: and used that to influence what they prioritized in this update.
Codey: They changed a lot of the fee-looking feel of some of the characters to make it so that the
Codey: conversations should now feel more engaging, readable, and emotionally grounded, quote unquote.
Codey: Which I know is something big that like we've mentioned on the podcast before that sometimes
Codey: you're playing games and it's like you could be talking to a rock for all you there.
Codey: But that that's really important to some, to players of these games.
Codey: They also did a bunch of bug fixes and one of them that
Codey: I really like is that cutscenes are now skippable.
Codey: There's just something about not being able to cut like skip a cutscene that can frustrate
Codey: me specifically and I'm sure other individuals as well.
Codey: I don't know if it's like repeated cutscenes or if it's just like any cutscene because especially
Codey: if it's a repeated cutscene, I'm like get rid of this.
Codey: I don't want to be seeing this every single time.
Codey: I just did that with every time you catch something instead of it being like it's a, I'm
Codey: trying to think of like the worst offender wasp, what would they say?
Al: Oh, I can't. No, I'll tell you the worst one was the clam was it or the one you take out
Al: There's many of them and there was the pun and it was the same pun every single time. I can't remember what it was
Codey: Mm-hmm
Codey: Yeah, it's always the same thing
Al: Yeah
Al: Which was mildly amusing the first time, but the three thousandth time six years later
Codey: Yeah, or like I think the sea bass they might have made like a joke about base or like music or something and it's just like oh
Al: Oh
Codey: Ha, ha, ha, kill me now.
Codey: Though I think at one point in one of the games--
Codey: they just said, "Oh, no, not another one," and I was like, "Ha, they know what they're doing."
Codey: But, so I like that, that they changed that, and so there's a lot of things that they changed
Codey: in this update, and they recommend forever home to start a fresh save file for the best possible
Codey: experience.
Al: Yeah, I'm not falling for that one again
Codey: Who did that to you?
Al: Starchy oh
Codey: Oh, yeah.
Al: We've added we've added 13 new things and they're all things that you should experience from fresh. Oh, great cool
Al: Let's do it all again
Codey: I was going to say, I'm sure you've
Al: I'm joking. I love I love starchy
Codey: replayed that a million times at this point.
Al: Too many times and I'll do it again
Codey: I just realized that we don't have
Codey: stardew news in this episode.
Al: I
Codey: That's that is wild.
Al: That's how we should be we shouldn't have we shouldn't have starchy news every week
Codey: Look at us.
Codey: Should we go try and see if we can find something?
Al: I think the concert the concerts must be nearly done by now
Codey: Yeah, I don't want to, I don't want to.
Codey: That's really, that's just like, oh, that's interesting.
Al: The last one they're doing is in Hawaii
Codey: That would be cool.
Codey: Ow, are you going to play over home?
Al: Dead dogs. Probably not.
Codey: Yeah, same.
Codey: But it is good to see that they're changing so many things.
Codey: They're changing dialogues.
Codey: The shops are different.
Codey: There's new localizations.
Codey: It's just, you love to see it.
Codey: There's a lot of really positive comments on this update as well.
Codey: The people who like it are happy.
Al: One of these characters looks like it might be someone in a kill and I see you Jimmy hat.
Codey: a what hat? I don't know what that is. It's time for Al educates the American.
Al: time to go to the slack thread
Codey: Oh, okay. Yeah. Oh, we have to make one.
Codey: Boop, flick, flick. Oh, boop. Oh, okay. Yep. How do you? Okay. I guess you typed it out.
Al: That's a CU it's called a CU Jimmy hat
Codey: Why? Why? Oh. Okay. Okay. Cool. So there's a character, character that has that.
Al: Yeah, see you Jimmy
Al: Why is it called that?
Al: Just is that's just what we call it. I'm sure there's a reason for it
Al: Anyway, there was a character that looked like it was a character and the trailer I was watching for every home that looked like they were
Al: and I kill Tennessee U.K.
Al: who knows next we have ancient farm they have released an update called the
Al: well and this adds well well well well well well well well well
Codey: Oh, well. So this, this is the game that like, oh my gosh, this is the game that's like ancient
Codey: Egypt and it seems like a lot of folks were really grumpy about watering and the monotony of
Codey: watering, but also it's ancient Egypt. So yeah. Um, yeah, I'm trying to think, did you make a pun?
Al: Well, I can see why that would improve things.
Al: I hope I hope it works well.
Codey: God, okay. Um, see if...
Al: I think I might be out of them. That's four.
Codey: Okay. Well, anyway...
Al: Well, maybe one more.
Codey: Well, anyway...
Codey: Um, but they had feedback from the players that the, that watering mechanic was not fun.
Codey: And so I think that this is a really cool solution to that, that instead of like,
Codey: doing something that would just be like, "Oh, watering is more less with the effect of watering
Codey: lasts longer or whatever." Um, they actually took something that seems like it could be part of that,
Codey: like time period and out of
Codey: it. Um,
Al: My prediction is this game is a hundred percent going to just turn into the flinch stones game
Al: where everything ends up being like
Al: Modern stuff, but it's like animals doing it or something like that, right?
Al: Like they're gonna they're just gonna end up adding a bunch of things that clearly weren't things that existed in that time
Al: But they're like modern things, but they're just like in on old
Codey: Got it.
Al: Way of looking if that makes sense like cars that you run in for example stuff like that, right?
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: Like I can just I can foresee this happening because I don't think people want to farm
Al: Like they used to farm a couple thousand years ago, right? Like that's not fun
Codey: I feel like at a certain point they're just going to be like, "Well, that sucks for you."
Al: They might they might or they might know. I don't know. Well, we'll see. I just I I
Al: That is my theory is that that's how it'll end up
Codey: - Mm-hmm, fair. - We shall.
Al: We'll see
Al: We shall see.
Al: Ex of the Plum Grove have released their
Al: one point zero point six point zero one update note that no that was not
Codey: What was that, I missed it.
Al: one point zero point zero point zero point one it was one point zero point six point zero one
Al: no dot between the last two numbers and it's not it's not one and it is
Codey: that... because it's funny.
Al: explicitly zero one why did you do this to me anyway they've added French into
Al: game.
Al: It's a French.
Codey: the friendship arrived. Or not the French, but just the language, I guess.
Al: Oh no.
Al: I don't know, maybe France and America were friends.
Codey: I mean, they added other things. Come on, now. They also added a new character. You can
Codey: add, you can upgrade your house with each house upgrade. You can add an additional human to your
Codey: house. And something that I really like is that you can now adopt a child if you are the
Codey: step parent.
Codey: So if you were not considered like a parent of the, whatever, I think they're called
Codey: children, um, then I, I, I, I like that, I like that concept.
Al: [laughing]
Al: Oh dear.
Al: It's like just, you know how some pet owners
Al: were called themselves like a dog parent
Al: or something like that or a cat parent.
Codey: I mean, because we are.
Al: Just let me, so it's like then,
Al: we're going like, oh, what are you?
Al: What kind of parent are the child parent?
Al: of human.
Codey: I. That was a choice.
Al: Human child.
Al: Yeah, don't do it.
Al: I love my kids.
Al: Don't.
Codey: No, I think someone's got to do it because it just can't be me can't be me.
Al: Yeah, no, no, I'm a strong believer of telling people not to become parents
Al: because the people who actually should become parents will tell me to go away and
Al: that I'm talking nonsense and that they'll do it whether I want them to or not.
Codey: Mm-hmm. Yeah, yep
Al: Those people should be parents.
Al: All right, yeah, that's that's that yes, no, this is good adoption.
Al: We're pro adoption, pro supporting the celebrating.
Al: I don't know what what's the word when you show it, you're showing something
Al: in media that isn't always showing what's the word representing it.
Codey: Representation
Al: There we go.
Al: Yes, representing adoption is good.
Al: We like, we like step parents who step up next.
Al: To farlands, have released their 0.8 update.
Al: This adds livestock into the game.
Al: With each update we're getting closer to 1.0 and this time the focus is on farm animals and the end of the story.
Codey: Oooooooh, 'cause it's the end.
Al: I don't know why it's a ghost.
Al: Okay.
Codey: I don't know.
Codey: It's just what my brain said to do.
Al: Fair enough.
Codey: I have to listen to my brain sometimes, unfortunately.
Al: They have cotton bunnies, adorable little balls of fluff,
Al: Skowickens?
Al: Frantic octopuses with chicken jeans and beards and bearded snails peaceful giants that grow fruit in their beards
Codey: Did they say adorable little balls of fluff?
Al: They did
Codey: That's really up to us to decide, right?
Al: Yeah, this is like calling a game
Codey: Yeah, you can't say that the bunnies are adorable.
Codey: What if I don't think so?
Codey: Yeah, I have no notes for that.
Codey: That sure is the update.
Al: also new animations and side effects for furniture placement, making it more enjoyable to
Al: decorate your homes and farms. Yeah, because that's what makes it not enjoyable to decorate
Al: is no animations and sound effects. I want it to make chicken noises.
Codey: because I can't hear when I place a piece of furniture down, it is really detracting from my
Al: What a bizarre, bizarre thing. I mean, I'm not saying you shouldn't add sound effects and
Al: animations for places.
Al: It does make it more immersive.
Al: I'm not sure I would say I'll make it more enjoyable, but each to the run.
Codey: Yeah, yeah, I think immersive is a better way, better word to go there for sure
Al: Well, they do call me "I'll with the words with the good words, the words that are good."
Codey: With the words
Al: Dear, it has been a week.
Al: Next, we have Everdream Village with their 1.13 update, which is out now.
Al: Gotts.
Al: DAD
Codey: [laughing]
Codey: I think the--
Al: There was a cat day and this is when this was released and they make it look like the cat jumped on the keyboard.
Codey: Yep, it specifically their cat.
Al: Well, I would hope they hadn't stolen someone else's cat.
Codey: Well, I was just saying like they're
Codey: bringing in their own cat into the game.
Codey: I think they have a...
Al: All right, I thought you might in terms of jumping on the keyboard.
Codey: The cat that they stole
Codey: is trying to tell us something.
Codey: This was a cry for help.
Al: Save me.
Codey: [laughing]
Codey: Yeah, no, they're adding a bunch of cat stuff.
Codey: Uh, there's a lot of stuff about cats.
Al: on a cat update. There's a new cat. You can use the magic hat to morph into
Codey: On a cat update, that's the update.
Al: randomness, randomness, randomness, the main village cat. There's cat breeding. You can now begin
Al: breeding cats, hopefully with other cats. This system will grow over time with more cat breeds added
Al: planned cat follow system all cats can now follow you around the village when you're
Al: off into Radamen, Radamen is apparently all cats you just you're the paid paper of cats
Codey: all cats. Also, cute that they're adding a breeding system, but also they need to add a
Codey: Spain neuter system, because that's more real to the world.
Al: and a mood boost mechanic because who doesn't have a good mood around a pouring fluff bowl?
Codey: uh, native birds.
Al: I like the idea I like the idea that non-native birds are fighting like they love cats
Codey: I guess non-native birds are also fine with cats, but I just care less.
Codey: That's, that's uh, that can happen.
Al: oh dear all right so that's every dream village 1.13 update with cats next we have
Al: google town they've released a lunar new year and valentines minor update with horse
Codey: Horse, rideable horse.
Al: rightable horse the cats weren't rightable in the last one you can become a cat but you
Al: can't ride the cats you can ride the horse
Codey: I mean, if you've become the cat, you're basically writing the cats like corporeal form,
Codey: right?
Codey: The horses and go-go town are really cute, cool that you can ride them now, and you
Codey: also within the game can get a horse plush, and I kind of want that horse plush in the
Codey: real. Look.
Al: Don't worry, I'm sure it will one day, and it will cost a lot of money.
Codey: look at how dumb it is.
Al: I'm not seeing the horse plush. Where's the horse plush?
Codey: It's on the you scroll down a lot.
Al: Oh, it's on the table with the Lunar New Year stuff.
Codey: It's well it's not on the oh there is one on there are some on the table I was
Al: Oh, there's a lot on the floor as well. I didn't see that, yeah.
Codey: looking at I like the floor ones they're like looking at each other.
Al: - I love a floor horse.
Codey: Lower or also I had a little bit of shock when I saw this because there's the
Codey: um, Heartgiv.
Codey: And that is that, like, almost exact art for that is also in, um, Disney Dream Light
Codey: Valley's Valentine's Day update, and I was like, did they, are these two related?
Al: I mean, it is a pretty standard heart-shaped gift box, right?
Codey: Did they just, but it was like almost to a tee.
Codey: I was like, this is the, literally the same pixels, but it's not, but I did kind of have a,
Codey: reflection there.
Al: Well, there you go. I love how they've just put all of the new items together.
Codey: I haven't.
Al: You've got here, horse plushies, your Valentine's stuff, and your Lunar New Year stuff all in one table.
Al: It's a very messy table, especially with the wallpapers.
Codey: Well, yeah, so there's all these different wallpapers as well, which I love that it says peach blossom, but some of them are
Codey: I don't know those colors do not are not giving
Al: [laughter]
Codey: Peach blossom
Codey: personally
Al: Yeah, just blossom. You can just say blossom. That's a thing.
Codey: Yeah, sure yeah
Al: It encapsulates other blossoms.
Codey: Yeah, what is this other things are blooming not just peach
Al: There you go. In fact, I see blossom every year,
Al: not once have I ever think any of them have been
Codey: Um, well, that's probably accurate for where you're at, right?
Al: Can peaches even grow here?
Codey: Hmm, I don't think so.
Al: Where does the peach grow? Where does the peach grow?
Codey: Where does the peach go-
Al: Peter's are are deciduous trees thrive in sunny warm and temperate climates. Okay, never mind them
Codey: sunny, warm, not how I would describe. Hi, am I being mean?
Al: Hey, hey, hey
Al: Don't be mean
Al: Hey, I just found an article that says how to grow peaches in the UK
Al: I bet they mean like the same thing going.
Codey: Yeah, in the sunny warm parts, um, also the other thing that jumps out from this go-go
Codey: town thing. A love potion? Ken said is important. And like what do you do for that? What
Al: Uh oh. Uh oh. Oh no.
Al: Consent is important.
Codey: is that? What is that?
Al: No, what is that? So I just Googled and find that you can grow peaches in Scotland in greenhouses.
Codey: [laughs]
Codey: Yeah, exactly, which I don't think those blossoms would make it to you out in the, in the great beyond.
Al: No, no, no. So yeah, I see blossom, but rarely is it peach.
Al: So.
Codey: That's the episode title. I see blossom, but rarely is it each.
Al: I think it's just peach blossom has this hold on, particularly the American public because of those like Japanese gardens, right, of like row after row of peach blossom tree.
Codey: Well, so it's also because we grow peach at like Georgia is the peach state. So it's a point of national pride
Codey: There are some of those like rows of like just orchards of peaches down in like Georgia and Florida and stuff
Codey: But unfortunately, there's a lot of
Codey: Pests and such pests that are about to absolutely decimate that so get oranges while you can
Al: oranges. Okay, just I was confused. We were talking about beaches. Now we're talking about
Codey: Yeah, so a lot of citrus like Florida is also known for oranges
Codey: Yeah, no, it's all they grow in very similar places
Codey: I also am just sitting here watching this horse animation run around and they literally say at the end of this
Codey: We've got a bunch of goodies, but most importantly is our new horse vehicle
Al: It's a vehicle! You can ride it!
Codey: It's a vehicle
Codey: What is the definition of a fee?
Codey: A machine designed for self-proportion. So they're not real.
Al: Ahhh, oh, I've seen one of this.
Al: Well, blah, blah. A thing used for transporting people or goods.
Codey: So they're not real horses, flesh and blood horses, they're machine horses. Machine horses.
Al: No, they- they- they are a thing.
Al: Depends who you ask, whether it has to be a machine or not.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: I think you could legitimately say that it's a zoo.
Codey: I don't know.
Al: I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Yoshi is a buddy until you need to jump to get to that ledge and then you will let Yoshi fall to his death.
Codey: Oh, he's a, he's a buddy.
Codey: It's banjo in Banjo-Kazooey vehicle.
Codey: Yeah, you know what?
Al: Not so buddy, buddy. Now.
Codey: Sometime, no, I don't know where to go with that.
Al: the farmer was replaced.
Al: That was really painful.
Codey: Speaking of replacing vehicles or buddies,
Al: They've released a custom themes update, which is out now.
Codey: dark mode.
Al: What do you mean, what do you mean, also night mode? That's literally what it is.
Al: Custom themes.
Codey: know so they say they first
Al: [sigh]
Codey: out out. They first say, let me, you can now choose between different color themes, including a night mode and a light mode and a lunar new year mode. Also, you can customize and add your own theme. So you can choose from available themes and create more
Al: themes... themes... at night mode. Night mode is just a theme.
Al: Yes, these are all the just themes.
Al: So this is the theme's update then.
Al: Is that better?
Al: Would that be better?
Al: Is it 'cause I said custom initially?
Al: Is that the problem here?
Al: Okay.
Al: This is the theme's update.
Codey: I don't know why anyone would use a light theme.
Al: Oh, 'cause they're clinically insane.
Codey: I'm just watching this gift, like go and swap out between, I'm assuming, night theme,
Codey: Lunar New Year theme, which is red, and then the light theme, where everything's white.
Al: it's horrible yes another one it goes on to that one just like oh my word it's horrific
Codey: Oh, no, there's another one.
Codey: It's, it's gross.
Codey: This is gross.
Codey: I just, it's my eyes feel attacked.
Al: oh light yeah I know that feeling all dark all the time
Codey: Yeah, but that's a thing that can happen.
Codey: This also looks really cool.
Codey: I don't think I've been on an episode where we talked about this game yet.
Codey: It seems really cool and I feel like it doesn't teach you coding or do you kind of have to know coding before you go into it?
Al: And that's a good question. I don't know actually. Let's have a quick
Codey: Because if it doesn't teach me, I'm not going to try and seem stupid in another game or I already struggle with coding in the real.
Al: Why not?
Al: So it does see the first gift does seem to have a section which says first program and it has some information about what you're doing
Al: So I think it will I think it will teach you as you go
Codey: and you tell your crops to say hello world, your drone.
Al: You're drawn to do things you don't tell the crops to do anything you tell your drone to do stuff
Codey: I do love that the drones are wearing straws. They're all, they're all wearing straws.
Al: It's a farmer he's replaced the farmer
Codey: You know, we're over here like, oh, this is so cute. And then in like a decade, we're just,
Codey: We're all going to be replaced by drones.
Al: I will see. I think they've been saying that for decades.
Codey: And I will continue.
Al: I do find it funny because this is like the perfect encapsulation of just learn coding, right?
Al: Like, can't farm anymore. That's fine. Just be a coder instead.
Codey: I do like that this is available on on Apple like and it's only eight bucks
Al: So on sale just now, 20% off.
Codey: Tempted
Codey: Yeah, but you're just gonna be better oh of life in the land and the farmer was replaced bundle
Codey: XO but of life in land is not on
Al: I don't know what is that.
Codey: on Mac
Codey: There's also a bundle that has while true learn
Codey: You're a machine learning
Codey: learning specialist who makes neural networks, but your cat seems to be better at it. Now you must solve puzzles to build a cat to human translation system. Who knows what else this cat is capable of earn a fortune by kickass cat outfits and learn how machine learning really works.
Al: [laugh]
Al: I don't know what to say, the sale ends in 18 hours.
Codey: I mean, it's interesting. I'm not going to do it though.
Codey: I'm not doing that. I don't have the...
Codey: the balloons for that right now.
Al: Wow well. Next we have Hello Kitty Island adventure, springtime, celebration, flowers.
Codey: That's the tweet that's the tweet pastels a pastel color scheme through up all over these pictures
Al: There's there's there's flowers and flower.
Al: You know, it is pastel.
Codey: Is the butterfly a homie or is the butterfly others? Okay, there's a couple of them
Codey: But are they friend or are they your friends are they characters?
Al: Everyone's your friend, come on.
Codey: Well, that's not fun. I need an edit. I need a proper enemy in some of these games
Codey: Choose the bunny the bunnies my enemy
Codey: Yeah cute cute butterflies one of them has like stained glass wings
Codey: That's it join in the fun before it ends on April 1st
Codey: One Mississippi two
Al: Give me a few seconds.
Codey: One do you guys do that do you count Mississippi's?
Al: Yeah, well, I'm aware of it.
Al: It's what was it?
Al: What would be the one that we would have done
Al: when we were a kid?
Al: Elephant, one elephant.
Al: Cody, what's your name on Steam?
Al: Are we not friends on Steam?
Codey: Yeah, mine's my dog's face. I don't see you. Oh, I see you. Wait, wait, what are you doing?
Codey: Wait a minute. I just wrote you've received a gift.
Codey: We don't play this. Okay.
Al: We're going to play this game, Cody.
Al: Not right now, but there you go.
Al: You now have the game.
Codey: I'm gonna well that you've basically just made it so that complete my inventory is currently private.
Codey: Now we can talk about this on an upcoming episode.
Codey: This is I might actually have more to talk about with my husband if I learn other languages other than R.
Al: [laughs]
Al: I don't know what it uses or whether it's just like
Al: a custom thing, but anyway, we will find out.
Codey: Oh, yeah, I guess yeah, we'll find out. I thought that it said Python in the most recent thing.
Al: What did it?
Codey: For those using external editors, Python type annotations are now ignored by the game so you can use
Codey: them freely. Oh gosh, what is happening?
Al: Now, you know, yeah, it's programming's on in a similar, a simple language similar to Python.
Al: So it looks like it's a subset.
Al: It's similar enough to Python and tell a sense works well with it.
Al: Moving on, that's most of the news.
Al: We also have one new game, timber life, build and customize your homestead of timber, crops
Al: and animals, while you manage the eco diversity of a small town, go off exploring and
Al: foraging in the woods while evading predators.
Al: craft goods and get to know the local townsfolk in this wholesome and cosy farming life sim.
Al: Again, you don't get to decide if it's cosy.
Codey: Also as someone who has worked extensively in forests
Codey: and whose grandfather made forest roads
Codey: and all of that, I would say that decidedly uncozy.
Al: Yeah, I watched train dreams, which is one of the Oscar-nominated films.
Al: And it's about a guy who was working and logging in the early 20th century, I think it was.
Al: And yeah, they're very much not cozy. Lots of people died in pretty horrible ways.
Codey: Mmm-hmm.
Codey: Yeah, it is not cozy.
Al: Those trees are heavy.
Codey: Mmm-hmm.
Al: I don't like to be too mean to games. I'm not a fan of the art style.
Codey: I am pretty sick of this art style personally.
Codey: I feel like a lot of people, this is like flooded the zone.
Codey: I feel like it's fairly basic, yeah.
Al: Well, it's pixel art, but it's in my opinion not good pixel
Codey: So I wonder how much of it is like, let me zoom in on it.
Codey: Oh, it's better if you make it bigger, make it full screen.
Al: Okay, right. Yeah, cuz we all know that we play cozy farming games and on large screens, right?
Codey: - That deer looks like it should have more of a face.
Al: Just
Codey: - I don't know.
Codey: I'm excited, I'm interested.
Codey: Tell me more, 'cause artists.
Al: Well, tell me what what it is what it is
Al: What is it about this that makes you interest is because to me and most of the looks pretty generic farming sim and on their
Codey: I'm interested in the, like, the aspect that it's specifically like you're a forester instead of, like, some of the things that you're making are instead of just like, you have raw lumber and then now you just, you push a button and now it's not raw lumber anymore.
Codey: Like, it looks like there's gonna be things that you can actually, like, actually actual machines that exist in life.
Codey: That are that, like, you use for that kind of stuff, which is interesting to me. I'm interested to see how everything develops. Like, you can see the trees and everything growing. I'm wondering how fast that happens.
Al: So that that I mean that sounds vaguely interesting to me, but also it still very much focuses the farming aspect of it
Al: I feel like it would be better if they focused entirely on the forestry part of it, right? Like
Al: Fortisters aren't really also growing a farm, right?
Codey: but you gotta eat something and in this economy and this economy um
Al: Yeah, I know, but you buy the food
Al: Like most people in life most people in life are not farmers. They have a job. They need to eat. They buy the food
Al: It just feels like...
Al: It's like, "Oh, well, we got to do the farming as well, but why? Why? Why are you going to...?"
Codey: mm-hmm that's true. Now maybe you don't have to. I saw like in the store there's some stuff
Codey: that you get like some food items that you can buy. I think it's an option. I think the other thing
Codey: I'm the more that I'm looking at you.
Codey: like this, the more I'm like, what is it about this that is intriguing to me.
Codey: It seems like there's more than just two types of trees.
Codey: Like, there's actually a good assemblage of, like, vegetative diversity, which is...
Codey: I feel like that is really interesting to me to see, like, the different...
Codey: Well, see, it really depends on how much they add, 'cause I'm interested in, like,
Codey: How, when more to structurally to
Codey: or something, this is how I talk at my dissertation, you all sorry, more structurally diverse forests, like you have more biodiversity, and I'm wondering if that type of forest would be better for your farming as well, because the soils are better and everything. I think I'm putting too much on this game.
Al: [laughter]
Codey: More I like talk, the more I'm like, I don't know if they're incorporating all of this in there.
Al: Yeah, I think that could be interesting. I don't think it will be that though. I think
Al: they do it does seem to have so it says it's the years divided into eight different seasons
Codey: Mm, early in late.
Al: So each season and then early and late versions of them which interesting
Al: So I definitely think there is a space for a more
Al: Realistic loosely right loosely realistic
Al: game
Al: But I worried that they're
Al: Focusing too much on the things that people like in stardew and not trying to be its own thing
Al: Entirely and going like oh, we need a good reason for people to play this game and it's because it's like stardew
Al: And I think that's a mistake. I think they should focus much more on on those aspects
Codey: their own thing. Yeah. Yeah. And so I'm looking at the steam page a little bit more. It's
Al: I will say the trees unlike pokemon are the best-looking thing in this
Codey: this quote, it started the game only maple and pine trees are part of the ecosystem along with
Codey: invasive shrubs. You must work to bring back the biodiversity into the system to help the animals
Codey: return and the town thrived. So I do like that. The next sentence says, check out the beautiful
Codey: wildflowers in the summer and I will say most
Codey: of forest flowers are usually spring ephemerals so it's like early
Codey: spring summer spring flowers I mean there's flowers throughout the season but
Codey: like some of the really really cool ones are in the spring so they should
Codey: add those rainfall impacts the amount of water in the soil which impacts plant
Codey: health temperature can dictate which plants will thrive
Al: That sounds interesting. I worry it's biting off more than you can chew
Al: Especially when they're also adding in you know the farming and the raising of animals and a whole bunch of things, but we'll see I guess
Al: We will follow it and see what happens
Al: And you never know maybe it'll be maybe it'll be good
Codey: There's also an otter. Come on now. Look at that otter.
Al: The important things right cute animals
Codey: They still have, yeah, they still have other things that they're saying as well
Codey: that they're going to add as their roadmap continues like more animal,
Codey: more wild animals, farm animals, pests, fishing random forage rules,
Codey: a library, dynamic NPCs, inferring that the ones right now are static.
Codey: a shrines and religion.
Codey: a beach, a cave, more crops, more buildings, more crafting stations, and steam achievements.
Codey: Windows only though, so yikes.
Al: I mean, I was with many things that made the, you know,
Al: indeed, they have to focus on what they have to focus on.
Al: And if you've got a Windows machine, you're going to focus on.
Codey: Oh, my gosh, wait a minute.
Al: Is that breaking news?
Codey: It's breaking news that will have expired by the time this episode comes out, so no.
Al: No, you're not, you're not good. You're just gonna, you're going to, you're going to
Al: hype up and then do nothing?
Codey: Steam Horse Fest. Now, through February 23rd at 10, a horse is a horse, of course, of course,
Codey: in this fast, but so are unicorns, donkeys, and more. So there's a horse racing,
Codey: emerald valley ranch, unbridled, something horse game, that horse game.
Codey: Oh, this is like a, you guys just saw someone chopping down a thing. Wait a minute.
Codey: Do we have to talk about some of these? Ooh, Ranch of River Shine is on 40% right now.
Codey: Works on off.
Al: Yeah, I mean, as you say, we'll be gone by the time this podcast comes out.
Codey: Horse, I mean, we can put it, we'll put this in the, in that other thing.
Al: I think there's already been talked about in this like, hasn't it, horsefest?
Codey: I don't think so. A tiny sticker.
Codey: too. It's in thing. What's horsetails, Emerald Valley Ranch, as mixed reviews, mixed,
Al: I saw it somewhere.
Al: A tiny sticker tails, not horse game. Come on.
Al: Oh, give to me.
Al: It definitely sounds like I'm just going to make some reviews game.
Codey: not recommended. I really wanted to love this game. Yeah, I'm just
Al: Alright, are we now just reading through, should we wrap up this podcast?
Al: Thank you, Cody, for joining me for this news extravaganza.
Codey: Mmm-hmm. Thanks for having me. There's a lot of do's that a lot of goofing off
Al: Is there anything you would like to share with the audience?
Codey: Okay, so last time I said Spain new to your pets this time. I will say
Codey: Call your senators
Al: Fair enough. Yes, you can follow the podcast on tumblr and blue sky at
Al: THS pods. You can send us feedback from our website. Have a
Al: season.club where you can also find links to everything to do with the
Al: podcast, including our Patreon where you can get access to the
Al: slack to see the picture of the CU Jimmy hat. Maybe I'll post
Codey: Mm-hmm
Al: picture of my sister's new cats when she gets them tomorrow. We'll
Codey: Ooh, I will find something to post a picture of.
Al: see. And you can also on the slack. You can find the link to the
Al: website. I say up that we'll track the scores from the draft. I
Codey: Oh, yeah
Al: did that at the weekend. That was fun to build.
Codey: Where are we adding other people's predictions because I think cat also locked in
Al: well so the beauty of it is it's manual so I set up so by default you have to
Codey: their predictions, right?
Al: put everything in but the link I posted in the slack auto fills with the three of
Al: us and our games so other people if they have the website they can also add
Al: catspans in and they can also add their own ones in if they want so it's probably
Codey: Whoo, join us, will you win?
Al: Not.
Codey: I don't know, that cat chose wild to say.
Al: All right.
Al: We'll also, that's true, but you know, I don't know. There's a big assumption.
Codey: Also, also never way, I think was the other game.
Al: Yes.
Al: Cat chose, let me get the actual list up.
Al: But cat decided that they were going to choose some of the games that we hadn't picked
Al: and they chose wild society.
Al: Neverway.
Al: Moonlight Peaks.
Codey: freaking milky delivery. I had notes on that, but I'd already do about why not to choose them, and I don't remember
Codey: Why oh one of the comments one is because like on the either of the Kickstarter or the the steam page
Codey: Someone was like how could you call the exploitation of animals cozy?
Al: Here we go, it's not a vegan game.
Codey: That's like oh no, no, no, no
Codey: It's arguably
Codey: most of them aren't. Pretty sure you can milk a cow in most farming games.
Al: It it blitz explicitly as a vegan game
Codey: Oh, well they're not animals.
Al: They're yes, but also their fishing doesn't fish fish. You're fishing just fish's items
Al: so
Codey: How much fish could your fish fish fish if your fish could fish fish?
Al: You also get access to our bonus episodes of the podcast
Al: We released one a week ago with our predictions for Pokemon day which one of them is already wrong already
Al: me, and then me and Kevin will presumably do.
Al: And what actually happens on Pokémon Day, and also the one thing that has already gone wrong for me.
Codey: we I still have here's my list uh greenhouses to do I want to do the sonic 3 movie we need to do
Codey: blueie I want to do bug digimon um bug
Al: Yep bug I'm sorry. You can't just throw out a phrase like bug did you want to not explain what an earth you're talking about
Codey: I genuinely don't know this list is not, this list is old, and I just keep adding to it so...
Al: So you don't know what bug Digimon is, but it's still on the list.
Codey: I mean I'm assuming it's, I'm assuming it's Digimono look like bugs, I don't know.
Al: Are bugs that look like Digimon?
Codey: I could probably find that, I could find some of that, but that would be a greenhouse.
Codey: Bug, donus guy is another one. And then the final one is Grim Cozy, the concept of Grim Cozy,
Codey: which i'm assuming would include uh
Al: That, I mean, that sounds like a standard.
Codey: a discussion of little um well I think that we were gonna talk about like little house on the prairie
Codey: I think that was where that conversation came in but I mean we could I could talk about on the on the regular thing
Al: We shall see. All right. I think we're done then. Thank you for joining me again.
Codey: you're like you're like going thank you for having me
Al: I'm so tired. I'm so tired. So tired. Thank you, listeners, for listening. And until next time,
Al: have a good harvest.
Codey: have a good harvest
Theme Tune: The Harvest Season is created by Al McHenry with support from our patrons, including our
Theme Tune: pro-farmers Kevin Stewart and Alisa.
Theme Tune: Our art is done by Mike of the Brave and our music is done by Nick Burgess.
Theme Tune: Feel free to visit our website harvestseason.club for show notes and links to things we discussed
Theme Tune: in this episode.
Codey: Should I not bring politics into it?
Al: I mean politics, everything is politics, right?
Codey: I know that's the thing is I'm like
Al: And the other problem is we've we've made political statements before we can't stop making political statements because then you've made a decision on which political statements you're going to support
Codey: Your silence is complicity, you're right.
Al: Well, that too
Al: That's not what I was saying, but that also that is also true
Codey: Oh yeah.
Al: Yes fight the rise of fascism around the world. Let's let's
Al: Let's do this
Codey: Love, give love to monkeys that need it.
Al: What?
Codey: You don't know about punch, punch, punch the macaque.
Codey: [laughs]
Codey: So there's a baby macaque in a Japanese zoo
Codey: that was abandoned by his mom
Codey: and was like shoved by all of the monkeys
Codey: in his enclosure at a Japanese zoo.
Codey: and then they gave him an
Codey: IKEA stuffy and it's his favorite thing now and he is like the winner of the Internet right now I cannot believe you haven't heard about punch is he's been on a lot of talk shows but he's on talks like they've they've been talking about him on shows and stuff monkeys me
Al: What?
Al: there's lots of things on the internet.
Al: Okay. I don't watch, I don't, I don't watch a lot of stuff like that.
Codey: oh wait just I think
Al: I don't think it will be on most of the ones I watch. I mean, maybe, maybe it'll be on
Al: John Oliver and I'll see that, but most of the other stuff I watch is not going to
Al: cover that, I don't think.
Codey: I'm assuming he's gonna he's gonna mention 100% if he didn't already
Al: Well, presumably is it a recent thing?
Codey: yeah so well but I didn't did he I'm wondering if he did it in the most recent episode about DHS correct this might have been like around that we'll see
Al: that was a week ago, that was, so is it like most of the stuff I'm seeing is like articles
Al: from two days ago. I don't, I don't, I don't remember any mention of a monkey in last
Codey: there there's there are updates. Okay, yeah, it's going to
Al: week's episode. Yes, which I will see on Tuesday because of the, they don't release
Codey: happen tonight.
Al: here until like month late on Monday for some reason, like more than nearly 24 hours
Al: after it comes in America I don't I don't know why it's not even
Codey: That's really interesting
Al: like it's at like primetime as they say it's like two in the morning on Tuesday or something
Al: like I don't why then so bizarre so we end up watching on Tuesday normally it's a good
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: Okay, cool pull, let me know.
Al: thing that it's it's not most it's not mostly like brand new up to date and stuff anyway
Codey: Yeah, like I just watched the episode from last week, like yesterday, so...
Al: you can be depressed any day of the week.
Codey: Oh, we're probably gonna cut all that out, I'm assuming.